README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# textmate.rstheme

![banner](assets/banner.png)

A light theme for Visual Studio Code inspired by the TextMate (default) theme in RStudio IDE.

</div>

## Screenshots

### R

![screenshot-r](assets/screenshot-r.png)

### R Markdown/Markdown

![screenshot-rmd](assets/screenshot-rmd.png)

### Python

![screenshot-python](assets/screenshot-python.png)

### C/C++

![screenshot-cpp](assets/screenshot-cpp.png)

### HTML/CSS/JS

![screenshot-web](assets/screenshot-web.png)

## Contributing

- Feel free to [report an issue](https://github.com/nanxstats/vscode-textmate-rstheme/issues)
or [start a discussion](https://github.com/nanxstats/vscode-textmate-rstheme/discussions).
A minimal reproducible example would be helpful.
- Pull requests welcomed 👉 [contributing guide](https://github.com/nanxstats/vscode-textmate-rstheme/blob/main/contributing.md)

## Credits

- Code highlighting colors from RStudio IDE: [textmate.rstheme](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/blob/785be459684006f95e947fe4e6f13f6a91db6762/src/cpp/session/resources/themes/textmate.rstheme)

## License

This theme is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

✨ Made by [Nan Xiao](https://nanx.me/). Find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nanxstats) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nanxstats) ✨

Commit message:

Adapt out UI colors from GitHub theme

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# textmate.rstheme

![banner](assets/banner.png)

A light theme for Visual Studio Code inspired by the TextMate (default) theme in RStudio IDE.

</div>

## Screenshots

### R

![screenshot-r](assets/screenshot-r.png)

### R Markdown/Markdown

![screenshot-rmd](assets/screenshot-rmd.png)

### Python

![screenshot-python](assets/screenshot-python.png)

### C/C++

![screenshot-cpp](assets/screenshot-cpp.png)

### HTML/CSS/JS

![screenshot-web](assets/screenshot-web.png)

## Contributing

- Feel free to [report an issue](https://github.com/nanxstats/vscode-textmate-rstheme/issues)
or [start a discussion](https://github.com/nanxstats/vscode-textmate-rstheme/discussions).
A minimal reproducible example would be helpful.
- Pull requests welcomed 👉 [contributing guide](https://github.com/nanxstats/vscode-textmate-rstheme/blob/main/contributing.md)

## Credits

- Code highlighting colors from RStudio IDE: [textmate.rstheme](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/blob/785be459684006f95e947fe4e6f13f6a91db6762/src/cpp/session/resources/themes/textmate.rstheme)
- Outer UI colors are derived from the `GitHub Light Default` theme in [github-vscode-theme](https://github.com/primer/github-vscode-theme)

## License

This theme is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

✨ Made by [Nan Xiao](https://nanx.me/). Find me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nanxstats) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nanxstats) ✨
